GeoQuiz tests the user's knowledge of Geography. The user presses True or False
to answer the question on screen.



GeoQuiz consists of:

an Activity - is an instance of Activity, a class in the Android SDK. An activity is responsible
for managing user interaction with a screen of information.
 You write subclasses of Activity to implement the functionality that your app
 requires. A simple application may need only one subclass; a complex application can have many.




“A layout defines a set of user interface objects and their position on the screen. A layout is
 made up of definitions written in XML. Each definition is used to create an object that appears
 on screen, like a button or some text. ”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.

“The onCreate(Bundle) method is called when an instance of the activity subclass is created.
When an activity is created, it needs a user interface to manage. To get the activity its user
interface, you call the following Activity method:
    public void setContentView(int layoutResID)
This method inflates a layout and puts it on screen. When a layout is inflated, each widget in the
 layout file is instantiated as defined by its attributes. You specify which layout to inflate by
 passing in the layout’s resource ID.”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.

“A layout is a resource. A resource is a piece of your application that is not code – things like
 image files, audio files, and XML files.
Resources for your project live in a subdirectory of the res directory. In the package explorer,
 you can see that activity_quiz.xml lives in res/layout/. Your strings file, which contains string
  resources, lives in res/values/.”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.

“To access a resource in code, you use its resource ID. The resource ID for your layout is
R.layout.activity_quiz.
To see the current resource IDs for GeoQuiz, go to the package explorer and reveal the contents of
 the gen directory. Find and open R.java. Because this file is generated by the Android build
 process, you should not change it, as you are subtly warned at the top of the file.”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.


“Now you can wire up your button widgets. This is a two-step process:
   --get references to the inflated View objects
   --set listeners on those objects to respond to user actions”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.

“In an activity, you can get a reference to an inflated widget by calling the following Activity
method:
    public View findViewById(int id)
This method accepts a resource ID of a widget and returns a View object.”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.

“A toast is a short message that informs the user of something but does not require any input or
action.”

Excerpt From: Hardy, Brian. “Android Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide.” iBooks.